WITCH BABA
Last time, I predicted someone
would fall from a footbridge and die.
It actually came true.
Is everyone excited for lunch tomorrow?
…tomorrow…
Tomorrow, at KOL STAGE…
Who says you have to eat pomelos
during the Mid-Autumn Festival?
DIE, TING-YU
Hello, everyone.
Here's the next prediction.
Tomorrow, at KOL STAGE,
Ting-yu will die.
UTURN MEMBER
YANG CHIH-YUAN, HSU TZU-LU, CHEN
WEN-CHUAN, HUANG HSI-HSI, YU LING-LING
FANG CHUN-JONG,
LIU HSIAO-LI, LI I-JU, HSU HUI-CHEN
Mr. Jen.
Alright.
I'll go.
Take them to the precinct.
-Thank you, A-Hua.
-Where are you going?
With Mr. Jen. I have to--
Get in the car. Why are you following him?
You'll only mess things up if you go.
Get in the car.
Put them in the car.
Hurry up.
-Move.
-Let's go.
Get in.
Are you really following orders?
What else can I do?
Kuo Ta-fu said I'm gonna die tomorrow.
Will you save me again?
Tomorrow, at KOL STAGE…
SHE DIDN'T EVEN DRAW ANY CARDS
-It's fake.
-It's edited.
Yeah, I'm going. It's gonna be lit.
-She's brutal.
-Hilarious.
Why is that familiar?
-The cops gave up.
-What do you know?
-Go Ting-yu!
-Go, Witch Baba!
Take your mask off!
Looking for two KOL STAGE tickets.
How much are they?
They're 6,000 NTD now.
No way. Is it really 6,000?
They're sold out.
It's over 30,000 a ticket.
OCTOBER 6TH
Ting-yu is the coolest.
Ting-yu.
Keep moving.
-Please keep moving.
-Keep moving.
TAIPEI CITY FIRST PRECINCT
Is that Ting-yu?
That's a celebrity van.
Ting-yu.
Ting-yu!
You, take that mask off!
Hey, you! Freeze!
What are you doing?
Why are you wearing a mask?
They're giving them out at the station.
Please show your QR code.
Yes…
Sure, you can take a sticker.
Feel free to take one.
No problem. Please keep moving.
Next in line, please show your QR code.
Kuo Ta-fu!
Move.
-What?
-It's crowded.
Stop pushing!
What are you doing?
-Move.
-What?
Hey, stop him.
Who is that guy?
Stop him.
Stop all of them.
-Excuse me.
-Chia-jen. The venue is surrounded.
-They can get in, but not out.
-It's about to start.
Your team's in position, too.
How's my hair and makeup?
You look great.
Hey, did you see that video?
Yes, it was scary.
Don't you think her video
was edited so well?
That's a good point.
Yeah, and I've been…
Hey, Braised Egg, quick question.
-Do you think Ting-yu will show up?
-Of course not.
You never know.
-I think he will.
-No way.
He has a meet-and-greet today.
Who's this?
Yo! Yo!
Ting-yu…
-What's going on?
-It's not time yet, right?
I didn't do this.
Everything's frozen.
WITCH BABA
Welcome to KOL STAGE.
I'm Witch Baba.
Witch Baba…
Can you trace the signal?
The internet has been cut off.
It's connected to the screen.
He's here, then.
Thank you for coming to support
influencers at a time like this.
You all know that four influencers
caused several deaths
and you still showed up.
That makes you all brainless fans.
Move. Excuse me.
-Move.
-Let us through.
Don't push.
Let us through.
-But don't worry, guys.
-Move.
I killed those four scumbags.
One drowned.
One fell to their death.
One's in critical condition
at the hospital.
By the way,
the last one is about to die.
Baba…
You all came here
to see Ting-yu die, right?
Typing away behind your keyboards
is enough to get people killed.
It has nothing to do with you guys, right?
You just click the like button, right?
This is hilarious.
-Such brainless fans.
-What's she saying?
-What does that mean?
-She called us "brainless fans."
Brainless? Why?
You're just brainless.
Brainless fans
create brainless influencers,
which created this brainless online world.
That's fantastic!
Stop hiding behind your keyboards.
Show everyone what you look like.
You can all go to hell.
I'm shocked.
Can she even do this?
I see myself.
-Should we call the police?
-Show yourself!
Shut it off. Why won't it turn off?
Why are you hiding?
I can't control it from here.
What the fuck!
Show yourself!
The killer is here.
-Find him now.
-Show yourself!
Come out now!
You're shameless! Show yourself!
What the fuck is that?
This is messed up.
Has she lost her mind?
This will cause a riot.
What do we do?
She's crazy.
Did you see it?
-See what?
-Ting-yu!
-What?
-Ting-yu walked past.
-He did?
-The real Ting-yu!
-In the elevator?
-Go after him!
-You idiot.
-Don't push me!
Show yourself!
Come out now!
Stop hiding back there, show your face!
Hello?
That's not the real Witch Baba.
Ting-yu!
How dare you?
You're the last person to tell anyone off!
Ting-yu!
What do we do? Plug it back in?
Hurry up!
-Okay.
-It's your fault.
I'm gonna die today anyway.
Go to hell!
Before I die, I have something to say.
She's the brainless one.
Get off the stage!
Get off the stage.
The reason for these serial killings is…
Killer!
What are you doing?
A year ago,
Wei Yen, Wa Tsai, Kao Pi, and I
caused a car accident.
Fuck! This guy's an influencer?
We honestly thought
it wasn't that serious.
You thought so?
But the accident still happened.
-You've got some nerve.
-How dare you.
And people died.
I want to apologize to the victims…
the victims' families.
Wei Yen…
Wa Tsai…
Kao Pi…
and all the influencers.
I'm sorry.
It's too late.
It won't do anything.
What I did was wrong. I'm sorry!
Come down!
Get off the stage!
-Come down!
-Off the stage!
Come down!
-That was badass.
-Awesome!
Did the cops make him say that?
That's so cool.
Off the stage!
I will cooperate
with the police investigation…
and accept the judicial ruling.
So please, everyone.
Just hear me out, okay?
-No!
-What are you gonna say?
Get down! We don't wanna hear it!
Get off the stage…
Witch Baba has nothing to do with this.
Ting-yu!
She's a victim, too!
-The real killer…
-Come down!
…wanted revenge on all of us.
For all influencers to pay the price.
He kidnapped Witch Baba's friend.
He forced her to make fake predictions.
He's been holding her hostage
for over a week.
Who is it?
-Say it!
-Yes, go ahead…
So here's what I wanna say to the killer.
What do you wanna say?
I'm sorry…
that I hurt your family.
But the person you kidnapped is innocent.
What you're doing is wrong.
If you really want revenge…
come at me, if you dare!
I'm waiting for you!
Come down, Ting-yu!
Come at me!
I'm waiting for you here!
Come at me if you dare!
Keep your word.
How dare you?
You've got some nerve.
Baba and I are waiting for you!
We're here.
Baba and I are waiting for you here!
What are you doing?
What's going on?
Why is he saying that on stage?
He was killing it up there.
-Ting-yu.
-Hey, where… May I ask…
Where are you going?
Excuse me.
What are you doing?
Who are you to say that crap?
You…
Ting-yu, go!
Go!
Police!
What was that?
Why did he leave after the speech?
Where's Ting-yu?
-Here.
-He's in there.
Go on, shoot.
Two lives.
Hey.
How did this happen?
Hey, Ting-yu. Get up.
Let's go downstairs.
The door's locked. I can't go after him.
They went downstairs.
Hello?
Is there anyone downstairs we can call?
Yes, stop them.
Kuo Ta-fu!
Fuck.
Get out!
Stop the car!
Stop!
Where's my daughter?
Where's…
What about my daughter?
My…
My daughter!
She's dead.
-Where's my daughter?
-She's dead.
The next song is for my dad.
He's not here today.
Good thing he isn't.
My dad's a police officer.
He's one of those boring old men.
To him, the Internet is only for
sending Boomer greeting images.
So he's really against me
being an influencer.
He's even more against me being a singer.
He always asks,"Why are you streaming?"
"Is the Internet that fun?"
It actually is that fun.
I got into a big fight with my dad.
I even reported him to the police.
I got him a disciplinary warning.
True story.
I haven't seen my dad for over a year.
Over the past year,
I haven't wanted to see him.
But today, I really wish he were here.
I want him to know…
Breathe in.
…that many lovely things still exist.
-Let's breathe in.
-Breathe in.
Breathe out.
Seeing everyone around when I'm down…
Request backup. Call 911.
Knowing I'm not alone
feels warm inside.
Requesting backup.
557 East stairwell, requesting backup.
Ting-yu, don't die.
I suddenly feel like crying.
I want a hug.
I want to hug my daughter, too!
Dad.
I'm doing very well.
I finally found what I want to do.
And I'm having a lot of fun.
If, someday,
I get myself into trouble…
or if I end up somewhere far away…
please come find me.
Come in.
Chen Yu-chieh.
Li Ting-en.
-Can I hug you?
-Yes.
-Are you sure?
I missed you so much.
I'm sorry.
Why are you apologizing?
You were locked up because of me.
You really think you're Witch Baba?
Hey.
-You've got some nerve.
-Ouch!
-What's wrong?
-It hurts.
You're totally fine.
Did he do anything to you?
No.
I was actually kept in a separate room.
I don't think he could even look at me.
-Really?
-Yes.
Why?
I'm not sure. It was just a feeling.
He said he had a daughter.
Maybe I remind him of her.
That's so twisted.
CHEN O CHIEH
Do you want some?
-You go ahead.
-Okay.
Where's your dad?
How are things between you two?
I don't know.
I've only seen him
a few times since I got here.
He's always in a hurry.
I don't know what he's up to.
Really? What's keeping him so busy?
No idea. It's good if he's busy.
I don't know what to say to him.
Hey.
I may have told your dad something.
-What did you tell him?
-That you don't know what to say to him.
You're such a blabbermouth.
Hardly.
He asked me why you never go home.
And then?
Then your dad said
he doesn't need you to come home.
It's just that, as a dad,
he worries about his daughter.
He worries if you're eating enough,
if you're sleeping well,
or if anyone's picking on you.
Bullshit, he'd never say that.
It's true.
How is that possible?
He even cried while talking.
Yeah, right. Liar.
-You're secretly loving this.
-No.
-Mr. Jen.
-You're still here?
-Hey.
-What?
Wasn't that your dad?
Visiting the girls?
Yes.
-I think so.
-Stop it.
I'll get going.
-Where are you going? Come back!
-Bye.
Be nice to your dad.
Come back.
-Hi.
-Mr. Chen.
Is she still sleeping?
I don't know.
Thank you.
I'll leave you two alone. Bye.
That's from the contest I was in.
Is it too loud?
Guess what place I got?
First place.
Come here.
Come on.
I'm doing very well.
I eat every day.
No one's picking on me.
And if someone does,
I know you'd be there.
Mom would know that, too.
Yes.
Don't smash things up again.
Okay.
You're not mad anymore at me?
I'm not.
Thank you.
How long are you gonna sleep?
Kao Pi and Wa Tsai are dead.
Our video got people killed.
We got a pregnant woman
and her baby killed.
How are you still sleeping?
Kao Pi's dad is still abroad.
Wa Tsai's mom hasn't told his grandma yet.
How do you want me to tell them?
It's just you and me now.
Didn't you say
you wanted ten million followers?
we'd all live in a big house together?
This is from your computer.
Are you okay?
It's okay. I'm fine.
Just ignore them.
This is the version that leaked online.
I think Ting-yu deleted the original file.
Why do you have it?
We're running out. Shit.
Who gave you the video?
Hey.
Get his head!
Shit! He's lighting the big one.
Shit!
There should only be one version
on the computer.
Who gave you the other one?
Kuo Ta-fu.
You've already killed two people.
Under these circumstances,
you're facing two life sentences.
Please cooperate.
You gave it to me
just now.
So, you didn't upload this video?
You're a fucking cop. Figure it out.
I'm not the only one who wants them dead.
Here he is.
He's here.
Ladies and gentlemen of the press,
here's an update.
Through the efforts
of our task force,
we've arrested the main suspect
in the serial killing case, Kuo Ta-fu.
He has confessed that
between September 28th
and October 6th,
he committed kidnapping,
murder,
police assault,
and solicitation to commit murder.
These include
the kidnapping of Ms. Chen
on September 28th…
Get away from me!
the solicitation to murder of Mr. Wei
on October 1st…
the drowning of Mr. Liu on October 3rd…
the kidnapping of Mr. Lin on October 4th,
and the fall
of Mr. Kao from a footbridge
on October 5th.
As this case is in the judicial process,
we're unable to disclose further details.
-Thank you.
-Can you explain…
We heard Kuo Ta-fu died while in custody.
What's your response, Captain?
Yes.
Kuo Ta-fu committed suicide
while in custody.
Was Kuo's death caused by
Chen Chia-jen's use of excessive force?
-No.
-He died in custody.
Isn't the police accountable?
-This case is in the judicial process.
-Will Wei Meng-yen also commit suicide?
-Absolutely not.
-Is he in critical condition?
Mr. Wei is now stable
-and out of danger.
-Has Kuo Ta-fu's motive been confirmed?
Sorry, we can't comment publicly.
-Thanks.
-Will Chen Chia-jen be punished?
Will Kuo Ta-fu's car accident case
be pursued?
The task force
will get to the bottom of it.
Thank you, everyone.
Sorry, this is in the judicial process.
That's all for today. Excuse us.
-This way.
-Thanks.
Captain…
Can you say more about the motive?
-Captain…
-The police…
Captain.
POLICE OFFICER ID
PASSWORD
LOG IN
POLICE OFFICER ID
CRIMINAL CASE CATEGORY
SEARCH
CHAO KUO-AN
NAME: CHAO KUO-AN
CRIMINAL HISTORY: FRAUD
CASE ACCESS: HIGHLY-CONFIDENTIAL
CONFIRM CHANGE?
CONFIRM
WITCH BABA
Hello, everyone.
I'm Witch Baba.
Even though the serial killing case
seems over…
there's actually another killer.
There's one more killer.
One more person is going to die.
Subtitle translation by: Coralie Zhang